Next Iroha 2 LTS (#127)
hyperledger/iroha-javascript: packages/client/CHANGELOG.md

# @iroha2/client

## 4.0.0

### Major Changes

- e27467e: Update client library after data-model update in Iroha 2.
- bd757cf: **refactor!**: make `Torii` stateless; force prerequisites to be passed for each method.

  ##### What is the change

  Previously, `Torii` was a class, and its constructor accepted all prerequisites at once:

  ```ts
  const torii = new Torii({ apiURL, telemetryURL, fetch, ws })

  torii.submit(transaction)
  torii.getStatus()
  torii.listenForEvents({ filter })
  ```

  Now, `Torii` is a compendium of different methods. Each method has its own prerequisites:

  ```ts
  Torii.submit({ apiURL, fetch }, transaction)

  Torii.getStatus({ telemetryURL, fetch })

  Torii.listenForEvents({ apiURL, ws }, { filter })
  ```

  ##### Why the change was made

>   This change was introduced to allow you only provide the prerequisites each method actually needs. For example, you no longer need to provide `ws` when all you want to do is submit a transaction. Only `fetch` and `apiURL` are needed for transaction to be submitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This change was introduced to allow you to only provide the prerequisites each method actually needs. For example, you no longer need to provide `ws` when all you want to do is submit a transaction. Only `fetch` and `apiURL` are needed for transaction to be submitted.
```

  ##### How to update your code

>   You should pass your prerequisites for each `Torii` method invocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You should pass the necessary prerequisites for each `Torii` method invocation.
```
